Document `CYTHON_EXTERN_C` macro (#5366)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/migrating_to_cy30.rst

        Example operator++(int)
        Example operator--(int)

Public Declarations in C++
==========================

Public declaration in C++ mode are exported as C++ API in Cython 3. This behavior can be changed by

> setting export keyword using ``__PYX_EXTERN_C`` macro: ``-D__PYX_EXTERN_C=extern "C"``.

Reviewer: 1) "to allow Cython module to be implemented in C++ but callable in C."? Just a sentence to explain why you might do it.

2) I wonder if `-D` is the best way to do this. Could it be done with a compiler-independent distutils command

Author: Done

        Example operator++(int)
        Example operator--(int)

Public Declarations in C++
==========================

> Public declaration in C++ mode are exported as C++ API in Cython 3. This behavior can be changed by
> setting export keyword using ``CYTHON_EXTERN_C`` macro to allow Cython module to be implemented in C++
> but callable in C.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Public declarations in C++ mode are exported as C++ API in Cython 3, using ``extern "C++"``.
This behaviour can be changed by setting the export keyword using the ``CYTHON_EXTERN_C`` macro
to allow Cython modules to be implemented in C++ but callable from C.
```
